dr. unk 's report on early experiments using an aids vaccine made by unk inc. of west haven , conn. , came at a meeting of aids vaccine researchers in florida late monday . the vaccine , unk unk , has been unk given to 14 people , some of whom are experiencing substantial increases in certain unk .
`` the conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by unk them with synthetic unk proteins , dr. unk said . `` we 've demonstrated that you can . ''
he said certain unk developed kinds of unk associated with early aids . other unk sparked by the preparation are of a sort rarely present in large quantities in infected or ill individuals , he added . one of the unk of aids remains why infected people produce large quantities of unk , but unk nonetheless .
cross & unk corp. said it reached an agreement to sell its unk division to recently created murata unk inc. , a u.s. affiliate of murata machinery ltd. of unk , japan .
the agreement also includes the purchase of cross & unk 's warner & unk ( switzerland ) ag unit by a european affiliate of murata machinery . cross & unk is also selling its equity interest in a japanese joint venture , murata warner unk , to murata machinery .
cross & unk , a unk hills , mich. , unk maker , said the net sales price of the total transaction is $ 24 million . the unk division was one of three businesses put up for sale in cross & unk 's restructuring program announced in july . cross & unk said negotiations are under way for the sale of another company , unk .
the average interest rate fell to unk % at citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of unk commercial paper , or corporate unk , from unk % at last week 's sale .
bids totaling $ unk million were submitted , and accepted bids were at unk % .
citicorp also said that the average rate fell to unk % at its $ 50 million auction of unk commercial paper from unk % at last week 's sale .
bids totaling $ unk million were submitted , and accepted bids were at unk % .
the bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million of commercial paper in each maturity next tuesday .
unk s.a. reported its 1989 first-half profit soared 88 % , and indicated that its previous estimate of a 50 % rise in earnings for all of 1989 will be exceeded by a wide margin .
the french electronics and defense group said attributable consolidated net profit for the first six months of 1989 totaled unk million francs ( $ unk million ) , compared with 130 million francs ( $ 20.5 million ) in the corresponding period of
operating profit climbed 51 % , to unk million francs from unk million in the first half of 1988 .
unk said the sharp improvement in net profit partly reflected a decline of 59 million francs in the group 's net loss from nonrecurring items in the first half of this year to 104 million francs from unk million a year earlier . there was also a decline in the group 's net financial costs to 25 million francs from 50 million a year before .
these movements were offset , however , by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to unk million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988 .
unk said the sharp rise in its first-half earnings was based on a 15 % gain in consolidated revenue to unk billion francs from unk billion a year earlier .
rep. lee hamilton ( d. , unk . ) said he and rep. unk unk ( d. , unk . ) are backing away from their proposal to make the treasury secretary a voting member of the federal reserve panel that sets monetary policy .
rep. hamilton said the bill will be modified substantially to call for two meetings each year between the fed 's open market committee and the treasury secretary , the chairman of the council of economic advisers and the director of the office of management and budget .
the original bill was strongly opposed by the fed and publicly criticized by friends of the fed as an attempt to undermine the central bank 's independence . fed critics , however , hailed it as a long overdue attempt to bring a measure of openness and democracy to the setting of monetary policy .
rep. hamilton said the purpose of the meetings would be to `` improve communications and perhaps unk between the executive branch and the fed . ''
fed chairman alan greenspan meets regularly for lunch with treasury secretary nicholas brady and talks frequently with budget director richard darman and michael unk , chairman of the council of economic advisers . the administration officials do n't ordinarily meet with the entire membership of the open market committee .
unk unk co. said third-quarter profits dropped 34 % because of lower prices for unk unk materials , the company 's largest product group .
net fell to $ 40.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share , from $ unk million , or $ unk a share , a year earlier . sales for the quarter slipped 2.7 % to $ unk million from $ unk million .
unk unk capacity `` has unk demand and we are experiencing reduced profit margins as a result , '' said john d. unk , chairman and chief executive . prices for unk unk unk have dropped more than 15 % since last december , he said . the plastic unk is used in a wide range of products , including unk , pipe and electrical wire unk .
unk 's unk segment reported operating profit for the quarter of $ unk million , less than half the $ unk million of the year-earlier quarter . third-quarter operating profit of the unk group declined slightly to $ unk million from $ unk million . but operating profit from aerospace products rose nearly 50 % to $ 15 million from $ 10.1 million .
in new york stock exchange composite trading , shares of the unk , unk company fell $ 1.375 to $ unk .
fiat s.p . a. , italy 's leading industrial group , is conducting `` concrete '' talks with west germany 's daimler-benz ag on a series of projects in the aerospace sector , fiat officials said .
however , the officials said it was too early to disclose the nature of the proposed projects or indicate when the talks might be concluded .
daimler-benz chairman unk unk told milan 's financial daily unk sole 24 unk that talks are taking place between both companies ' aerospace units .
`` while mr. unk 's comments please us very much , there currently are no talks in progress regarding the automotive industry , '' a fiat spokeswoman said .
in the interview , mr. unk said he is thinking foremost of cooperation in the truck sector , but `` in the long run , i do n't want to rule out that we can also come a bit closer in personal cars . ''
unk unk , italy analyst for county natwest securities in london , said that right now `` the market is n't being influenced by that kind of news , '' referring to the conditional nature of the talks mentioned by mr. unk and by the uncertainty surrounding world stock exchanges this week .
paul unk was named president , chief executive officer and chairman of this oil and natural gas company . he succeeds john a. unk , who resigned for personal reasons . mr. unk had been president of penn pacific 's national southwest capital group subsidiary . mr. unk will remain with penn pacific as a director and a member of the executive committee . he has also agreed to become president of a new subsidiary to be formed to make future acquisitions , the company said .
spooked investors , despite their unk to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their jaguar shares .
that 's the view of some analysts here who argue that britain 's leading maker of luxury cars still may have two u.s. auto giants unk for it .
yesterday , ford motor disclosed that it has raised its holding in jaguar to 10.4 % from 5 % . both ford and its rival general motors recently set their sights on unk significant minority stakes in the british company .
ford 's latest move increases the pressure on gm to complete its current talks with jaguar quickly . gm is likely to reach the cooperative operating pact it has been seeking in about two weeks , knowledgeable individuals say .
at that point investors may face a long , unk ride . a victor in the fight for jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of british government takeover restrictions . the curbs prevent a buyer from purchasing more than 15 % of jaguar shares without permission . `` this is an exceptionally odd takeover battle , '' says london analyst christopher will of shearson lehman hutton .
jaguar 's american depositary receipts were up 3\/8 yesterday in a down market , closing at 10 3\/8 . ( jaguar 's adrs make the company one of the most widely held united kingdom stocks in the u.s. , with more than unk of its shares owned there . )
jaguar topped the unk list for the u.s. over-the-counter market monday . and on london 's stock exchange monday , 18.5 million shares were traded , far above the usual volume . ford 's share purchases unk accounted for much of monday 's heavy trading .
last week , many jaguar shareholders took their money and ran . fears that ford 's unk might be cooling put jaguar shares into reverse after gm confirmed its friendly negotiations with jaguar . but yesterday 's announcement indicates that ford has n't lost interest .
both shearson 's unk . will and stephen reitman , european auto analyst at the london brokerage firm unk & drew , recently switched their jaguar recommendations to hold from buy . `` sit tight '' through the coming volatility , mr. reitman suggests , though he concedes that many small investors will find jaguar 's unk `` too hard to unk . ''
but a crucial point is how ford unk when gm , the world 's largest auto maker , firms up its proposed deal with jaguar . at the moment , ford executives will say little beyond unk their desire to raise ford 's jaguar stake to about 15 % .
gm is expected to unk roughly # 200 million ( $ unk million ) by acquiring some jaguar shares , and then win jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake . analysts believe the car makers also will create joint ventures to develop new executive models , doubling jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars .
jaguar shareholders would have to unk such a far-reaching accord . ford might challenge the proposal by offering a full bid if holders and the u.k. government agreed to drop the anti-takeover barrier early . `` i think ford is going to come out with full guns unk , '' mr. reitman says . `` ford wants { jaguar } very much . '' u.s. takeover-stock speculators , who may own between 20 % and 30 % of jaguar , could give ford enough votes to block the gm deal .
gm might unk . then , unk . will says , `` you get a bidding war between two very rich , very determined international companies . '' he believes jaguar 's share price could unk to between # 8 and # 10 ( $ unk to $ unk ) .
`` there 's quite a bit of value left in the { jaguar } shares here even though they have run up '' lately , says unk johnson , a fund manager for unk unk asset management . at the moment , he intends to keep the firm 's unk jaguar shares .
the risk is that jaguar 's share price could slump if gm 's agreement with jaguar effectively unk out its u.s. rival . `` ford 's appetite to attack { jaguar } could gradually unk over time , particularly if saab is a reasonably attractive proposition , '' says john lawson , an auto analyst at london 's nomura research institute . he thinks saab-scania ab on friday will announce the sale of 50 % of its car division to ford ; the companies have been discussing closer cooperation for months .
clifford unk , president and chief investment officer of unk capital unk inc. , two weeks ago sold his cincinnati firm 's unk jaguar adrs at about 10 each , making a unk profit on a holding purchased at 4 7\/8 in early may . `` i thought the unk of { a bidding war } happening were less , '' he says . of course , that was before ford 's latest move .
jaguar
( otc ; symbol : unk )
business : luxury cars
year ended dec. 31 , 1988 :
revenue : $ 1.71 billion
net income : $ unk million ; or 25 cents a share
first half ended , june 30 , 1989 :
net loss : $ 1.7 million vs. net income : $ unk million ; or 12 cents a share
unk daily trading volume :
ordinary shares outstanding : unk million
note : all figures are translated into u.s. dollars based on current exchange rates .
unk sloan , 60 years old , announced that he will retire next april as chairman and chief executive officer of this unk food and unk products maker . no replacement was immediately named . mr. sloan plans to remain on the board until his current term expires in april 1991 , a unk spokesman said .
newport electronics inc. of santa ana , calif. , said milton b. hollander , who holds a unk % stake , requested a special shareholders ' meeting next wednesday to remove four current directors and unk an alternative slate .
mr. hollander 's high technology holding co. of stamford , conn. , acquired most of its stake last august in an $ unk tender offer for newport , a maker of unk devices .
newport said mr. hollander is asking shareholders to retain only one director , james r. unk , a newport vice president . the board is n't proposing a slate of its own and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the special meeting date , newport said .
mr. hollander `` is the new owner and wants to exercise control , '' said unk b. weekes , newport 's chairman .
unk ag , a major swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said that its group sales rose 25 % to unk billion francs ( $ unk billion ) in the first nine months of this year , with strong gains in all divisions .
a year earlier sales totaled unk billion francs .
positive currency rates and strong sales growth led to a substantial rise in consolidated profit in the period , although the company did n't provide figures , as is unk with swiss companies .
unk said it expects a `` substantial increase '' in consolidated profit for the full year , barring major currency rate changes .
unk plc , a british maker of computer hardware and communications equipment , posted a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year .
the # unk million ( $ unk million ) in pretax profit for the 12 months to june 30 was down from # 160 million ( $ unk million ) a year earlier and below market expectations of # 80 million and # 90 million .
the slump in profit , which came despite steady sales , was attributed to increased costs for parts and problems with model unk .
unk 's profit after taxes fell a similarly steep 51 % , to # unk million from # 105 million a year earlier .
sales edged up fractionally to # unk million from # unk million a year earlier .
microsoft corp. 's earnings growth continued to unk that of most of its competitors and customers in the personal-computer industry , as it reported a 36 % jump in fiscal first-quarter earnings on a 33 % revenue gain .
the redmond , wash. company , a bellwether provider of operating systems and software for personal-computer makers and users , reported net income for the quarter ended sept. 30 of $ unk million , or 87 cents a share , up from $ unk million , or 65 cents a share , in the year-ago period . revenue rose to $ unk million , from $ unk million .
microsoft previously indicated it would have a strong quarter by forecasting its revenue gain on oct. 4 , causing a $ unk a share jump in its stock . but its stock jumped again yesterday as it disclosed surprisingly strong margins on those sales .
microsoft 's stock rose $ unk a share in national over-the-counter trading to $ unk . the stock had hit a high of $ 81 a share early last week but collapsed to $ unk in the friday stock plunge .
the company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications , which have lower margins than do operating systems . but the company said that trend was offset in the first quarter by better economies of scale and unk in manufacturing .
as a result , microsoft 's cost of goods , as a percentage of sales , fell 17 % from the year-ago quarter and 13 % from the previous period . the trend drove up the unk margin -- net income as a percentage of revenues -- to unk % in the quarter , compared with unk % a year earlier .
microsoft officials said the strong results also reflected continuing high demand for its software applications and operating systems . while it has predicted that overall growth in unit sales of personal computers is slowing to about a 10 % yearly rate , its own products are selling at a much faster rate because many are geared to the unk end of the market . that segment continues to post strong unk gains , while the unk , or commodity segment , of the industry is experiencing sluggish growth or even sales declines .
compared with its previous quarter , the final period of its 1989 fiscal year , net rose 9 % , and sales rose 7 % .
control data corp. , minneapolis , signed a joint development agreement with mips computer systems inc. to unk an emerging computing architecture in future machines .
mips is a leader in what is known as unk set computing , or risc , a technology combining unk and sophisticated software . in joining mips , control data follows several competitors in unk risc as a new design approach .
digital equipment corp. , tandem computers inc. , nec corp. and group bull , among others , have similar arrangements with mips , based in sunnyvale , calif .
control data said it expects its first unk mainframe machine to be introduced next year . the accord with mips calls for control data to share its expertise in data storage , the companies said .
control data also said it is developing what it called a `` unk '' computer , the unk 2000 , intended for scientists , engineers and other users of unk unk computers .
unk stock skidded an additional $ unk , to $ 198 , as british airways indicated it may unk at any unk revised version of the unk $ 6.79 billion buy-out of united air 's parent . ual has fallen $ unk , or 31 % , in the three trading days since disclosure of the buy-out 's collapse jolted the stock market . meanwhile , investor marvin davis said he remains interested in ual , but he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share unk bid .
stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by futures-related program selling and further declines by ual and other airline stocks . the dow jones industrials closed off unk points , at unk , after plunging over unk points in the morning . bond prices ended lower after an early rally , while the dollar was mixed .
the u.s. trade deficit swelled to $ 10.77 billion in august , prompting worries that the nation 's export drive had stalled . exports declined for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . an analyst called it one of the worst trade reports since the dollar unk out in
industrial output fell 0.1 % in september , the latest sign manufacturing is slowing . an analyst cited weaker capital spending and exports .
bankers trust added $ 1.6 billion to reserves for third world loans , the latest big bank to take such a step . it expects a $ 1.42 billion quarterly loss . citicorp posted a 9 % drop in quarterly profit . manufacturers hanover had a loss due to a big reserve addition .
bank of new england plans to sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems .
eastern airlines ' creditors have begun exploring alternative approaches to a chapter 11 reorganization because they are unhappy with the carrier 's latest proposal .
tele-communications agreed to buy half of showtime networks from viacom for $ 225 million . the move could pose a new challenge to time warner 's home box office .
the cftc plans to curb dual trading on commodities markets , in which traders buy and sell both for their own account and for clients . the move is likely to anger traders .
unk chairman seidman said that lincoln savings & loan of california should have been seized in 1986 to contain losses he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion .
a $ 67 billion spending bill was approved by house-senate conferees that includes major provisions affecting the federal mortgage market .
hooker 's u.s. unit is expected to agree in principle this week to sell its merksamer jewelers chain to management , according to executives .
the deficit-reduction bill became unk over efforts to streamline the house version of the legislation in advance of a house-senate conference .
integrated resources said talks have ended with another potential buyer of its core businesses .
three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings . merck 's profit climbed 25 % , warner-lambert 's 22 % and eli lilly 's 24 % .
markets --
stocks : volume unk shares . dow jones industrials unk , off unk ; transportation unk , off unk ; utilities unk , off unk .
bonds : shearson lehman hutton treasury index unk , off
commodities : dow jones futures index unk , unchanged ; spot index unk , off unk .
dollar : 142.75 yen , up unk ; unk marks , off unk .
paul unk , general partner of unk partners , a venture-capital firm based in menlo park , calif. , was named a director of this computer company . mr. unk , 57 years old , temporarily increases the board to seven members . however , director thomas unk has said he wo n't seek re-election at the company 's annual meeting next month .
unk associates inc. , the los angeles investment partnership whose $ unk bid for unk manufacturing co. was topped recently by a competing offer from a swedish concern , disclosed that it sold its entire 7 % unk stake .
unk , a unk , ind. , unk manufacturer , had rebuffed unk 's proposal . it has since asked holders not to immediately tender their shares under a recent $ unk , or $ 104 million , bid from ab skf of sweden , until unk directors have completed their evaluation .
in a securities and exchange commission filing , unk said it sold the unk unk shares for $ 7.3 million in a private transaction on oct. 12 . unk did n't identify the buyer of the shares , but the date of the unk followed by one day the swedish concern 's tender offer , and the indicated price of the shares sold unk skf 's $ unk tender offer price .
a unk spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers .
luis unk , 45 years old , has been elected to the board of this brewer . mr. unk , former president of united press international and the unk unk network , most recently unk unk unk partners , a unk media acquisition firm . mr. unk , the first hispanic person to serve as a coors director , is an addition to the board , increasing its membership to nine .
unk s.a. , a european media and publishing group , reported a small rise in its attributable first-half group profit , excluding unk items , to unk million francs ( $ unk million ) from unk million francs a year earlier .
the unk group said its earlier projection -- that group profit for all of 1989 would be close to the unk million francs posted for 1988 -- remains valid .
taking into account nonrecurring gains and losses , unk 's group net income for the first six months of this year totaled unk million francs , practically double the year-earlier figure of unk million francs .
analysts said unk 's earnings in the second half might be boosted by a capital gain from the sale of the paris headquarters of a unk company that is 49 % owned by unk .
unk inc. , unk , md. , said it received approval from the u.s. food and drug administration to market a genetic test that will assist in unk and treatment of unk and unk cancer .
the unk gene unk test is more accurate than existing tests for unk the type of cancer , whether it has spread or whether there is a unk following treatment , said unk president stephen turner . mr. turner said the test initially will be used in unk with unk and other tests , but eventually might become the benchmark for tumor analysis . mr. turner said the test will be shipped in 45 days to hospitals and clinical laboratories .
dr. unk wilson , a cancer treatment specialist at the national cancer institute , said the test is widely used in research centers but is n't having a major impact because it is only occasionally useful in choosing the most effective treatment . but the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , dr. wilson said . `` we do n't know yet how useful it 's going to be , '' he said .
unk , a unk developer of genetic medical tests , projects that the cancer test will help it to post its unk profit during the first quarter of 1990 , mr. turner said . the company will charge $ 35 for a test and projects about $ 2 million in revenue from the test during the first 12 months of marketing , he said .
unilab corp. , unk , ga. , said it acquired the clinical laboratories of closely held central diagnostic laboratory inc. in a cash and securities transaction valued at $ 85 million .
unilab said its wholly owned unk inc. unit paid $ 25 million in cash , provided $ 30 million in notes and $ 30 million in preferred stock to acquire central 's labs in the western u.s .
unilab , which provides clinical laboratory services , unk with central , based in unk , calif. , in a number of areas . beyond removing a competitor , the combination should provide `` unk , '' said fred unk , unilab 's chief financial officer . it also will hand unilab new markets . in los angeles , for example , central has had a strong market position while unilab 's presence has been less prominent , according to mr. unk .
